Set default NS values for device creation in the Console (#4552)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved errors for invalid command-line flags.
- Validation of entity attributes in the Console, with regards to maximum length for keys and values.
- CLI command to decode raw LoRaWAN frames (`ttn-lw-cli lorawan decode`), useful for debugging purposes.

> - Handling for default mac settings values when registering end devices in the Console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handling of default mac settings values when manually registering end devices in the Console. 
```
